Reference assemblies: mention MetadataLoadContext (#17204)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/assembly/reference-assemblies.md

> Because they contain no implementation, reference assemblies can't be loaded for execution; trying to do so results in a <xref:System.BadImageFormatException?displayProperty=nameWithType>. However, they still can be loaded into the reflection-only context in .NET Framework (using the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because they contain no implementation, reference assemblies can't be loaded for execution. Trying to do so results in a <xref:System.BadImageFormatException?displayProperty=nameWithType>. If you want to examine the contents of a reference assembly, you can load it into the reflection-only context in .NET Framework (using the 
```

> <xref:System.Reflection.Assembly.ReflectionOnlyLoad%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> method) or into the <xref:System.Reflection.MetadataLoadContext> in .NET Core, if you need to examine their contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<xref:System.Reflection.Assembly.ReflectionOnlyLoad%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> method) or into the <xref:System.Reflection.MetadataLoadContext> in .NET Core.
```
